=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 9=
Spare me!
I don't want to die!
They're going to grind me into powder
and mix me into Prince Jing's food.
They said once he eats it,
his limbs will go weak,
he'll lose all feeling,
and become a cripple forever.
I was forced into this too!
Oh?
Is that true?
Every word is true.
Please save me, Young Mistress.
I don't want to be ground into powder!
So they're planning to use poison
to harm your father.
Don't worry.
I'm a compassionate person.
But...
Uh...
Will this really work?
Just do as you're told.
Once it's done,
I'll reward you
with a basket of fresh leaves.
Deal.
Prince Jing,
this soup was specially prepared
by the imperial kitchen for you.
It was simmered for three days and nights
with twenty four rare delicacies.
Try it.
Xiao Heng, what do you mean by this?
Do you think Mother would poison you?
How ungrateful.
Your Highness is right.
Mother would never poison me.
But Mother always taught me
to save the best things
for my younger brother.
I've always remembered that.
Since the Crown Prince
values Mother's kindness so much,
please.
You...
Enough.
There's soup for everyone.
Serve it.
(I knew Xiao Heng
wouldn't let his guard down.)
(Good thing I came prepared.)
(Let's see how he refuses this time.)
You're so filial, Uncle.
No matter what Grandma gives you,
you'll definitely finish it all, right?
Hmph. Of course.
I never refuse anything
Mother gives me.
(There's no poison in my bowl anyway.)
(What am I afraid of?)
Are you sure?
You said it yourself.
Hmph.
Help!
Get it away from me!
Take it away!
You!
You harmed my son!
Did I do something wrong?
I only
let Uncle try
the good things you prepared for Father.
Was I wrong?
You did well.
But let me tell you,
next time there's something this good,
don't forget to give
your grandma a share too.
You...
Men! Seize this demon girl!
I'd like to see who dares!
You...
You actually brought
a weapon into the palace!
As a military commander,
I carry my sword in court
with Father's permission.
If you don't believe me,
feel free to ask Father yourself.
You...
Fine.
Fine, very fine!
Then I'll arrest both of you.
Let's see
how tough you two really are.
Men!
Seize them both!
Father, be careful!
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪